- **CoAt-DQN** : Proposed and implemented **Convolution and Attention Deep
Q-Network** architecture combining CNN with Transformers with Deep
Q-Learning, leading to better generalization and improved Q-value
approximation. Improvements were tested using **Atari Breakout Game**
surpassing **DQN** and **Dueling DQN model by 164 % and 12.38 %
respectively**.     &emsp; (**Dec 2022**)

- **ResearchDex** : Developed a slack **plugin** (with a **serverless**
architecture using Google Cloud Platform) to help researchers stay
informed about the latest research. &emsp; (**Dec 2022**)

- **Creativity, Learning and AI** : Wrote a **paper review** on
Creativity, Learning and AI, highlighting the current AI architectures
with its capabilities and drawbacks in **modelling creativity**, with
possible future directions of improvement in its modelling. &emsp;(**May 2022**)

- **Neural Multi-channel reverse dictionary** : Proposed and implemented
neural reverse dictionary model **grounded in linguistic predictors**,
inspired from how humans infer word from descriptions, by using
**FastText Embeddings** as well as extending and fine-tuning **RoBERTa**
LLM architecture. &emsp;(**May 2022**)

- **Named Entity Recognition** : Implemented Named entity recognition for
a medical dataset using **DeepCRF**, **BERT** fine tuning and
**BioBert** fine tuning with an f1 score of **0.91** by the model
fine-tuned BioBert. &emsp;(**Dec 2021**)

- **Patronizing and Condescending Language Detection** : Fine-tuned the
models **RoBERTa** and **XLNet** for patronizing and condescending
language detection, with RoBERTa performing better at f1 score of
**0.61**. &emsp;(**Nov 2021**)

- **Probabilistic multivariate time series** : **Designed** and evaluated
the **improvements** in modeling high-dimensional probabilistic
multivariate time series by improving the underlying flow model using
**Flow++**. (**Advisor**: Claire Monteleoni) &emsp;(**Nov 2021**)

- **Talk on Temporal Difference Variational Autoencoder** : Presented talk
on research paper TD-VAE (Temporal Difference Variational Autoencoder)
highlighting its use cases and future work/improvements. &emsp;(**Oct 2021**)

- **Talk on Multivariate probabilistic time series forecasting** :
Presented talk on research paper Multivariate probabilistic time series
forecasting via **conditioned normalizing flows**. &emsp;(**Aug 2021**)

- **Single Neuron Reconstruction** : Developed completely automatic method
for tracing neuron morphology in 3D using Deep learning (CNN
architecture). (**Advisor**: Dr. Deepti Bathula) &emsp;(**Jul 2016 - May 2017**)
